Update hash-rules.md (#393)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/collection/processing-rules/hash-rules.md

2012-05-16 09:43:39,607 -0700 DEBUG [hostId=prod-cass-raw-8] [module=RAW] [logger=scala.raw.InboundRawProtocolHandler] [memberid=dan@demo.com] [remote_ip=98.248.40.103] [web_session=19zefhqy...] [session=80F1BD83AEBDF4FB] [customer=0000000000000005] [call=InboundRawProtocol.getMessages]
```

Resulting hashed log line for hash 256:
```
2012-05-16 09:43:39,607 -0700 DEBUG [hostId=prod-cass-raw-8]
[module=RAW] [logger=scala.raw.InboundRawProtocolHandler] [memberid=906e9cc124c8e1085b10e1cec4cc6526f3637558be361d3b4bb54bb537e49a49] [remote_ip=98.248.40.103]
[web_session=19zefhqy...] [session=80F1BD83AEBDF4FB] [customer=0000000000000005] [call=InboundRawProtocol.getMessages]
```

Note the following:

* Values that you want hashed must be expressed as a match group enclosed in "( )".
* You can use an anchor to detect specific values. In addition, you can specify multiple match groups. If multiple match groups are specified, each of the values will be hashed uniquely.

> * The hash algorithm is MD5 (default) or 256. Open Telemetry collectors only support 256.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The hash algorithm is MD5 (default) or 256. OpenTelemetry collectors only support 256.
```
